{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh21600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 About Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Together Against TB is an independent 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded on World TB Day 2024. Founded by TB researchers, we launched with a simple but powerful belief: no one should go through TB treatment alone. TB treatment is hard on individuals and families. We saw neighbors in San Francisco facing impossible choices\'97between paying rent and buying groceries, between transportation to medical appointments and other essentials. We knew we could do more to show up for our community. \
Together Against TB was created to be nimble and responsive, meeting people exactly where they are with exactly what they need. We work directly with the San Francisco Department of Public Health TB Clinic to identify and support individuals and families navigating TB treatment in San Francisco and the broader Bay Area. As members of the San Francisco TB community\'97researchers, clinicians, advocates\'97we stand with every person facing this journey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Our Mission\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We are dedicated to supporting the mental, physical, social, and financial health of individuals affected by tuberculosis in San Francisco and the Bay Area. Through direct aid, mutual support, and community connection, we ensure that no one faces TB treatment alone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
Contact us at togetheragainsttb @ gmail.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 What We Do\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 TB Dignity Fund
\f1\b0 \
Our TB Dignity Fund provides essential support to individuals and their families during active TB treatment. We deliver care packages filled with groceries, cleaning supplies, hygiene products, household items, and clothing\'97the everyday essentials that help people maintain dignity and stability during months of treatment. Every package is tailored to individual needs, ensuring people have what matters most to them. We also provide mobile phones and phone plans to help maintain the essential connection between individuals going through TB treatmen\outl0\strokewidth0 t\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  and their care team. \

\f0\b Food Pantry
\f1\b0 \
We maintain an on-site pantry at the SF TB Clinic stocked with food, hygiene items, clothing, and household essentials. This enables clinic staff to meet the\outl0\strokewidth0 ir patients' need\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 s immediately. \

\f0\b Mutual Aid Fund
\f1\b0 \
Our Mutual Aid Fund responds to urgent, larger needs that arise during treatment\'97emergency housing, major medical expenses, or family crises that require immediate financial intervention. This fund allows us to act quickly when families face situations that could derail their treatment or destabilize their lives. \

\f0\b Advocacy & Community Building
\f1\b0 \
We advocate for resources and policies that improve the quality of TB care for the populations we serve. Together Against TB is a proud member of t\outl0\strokewidth0 he\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Coalition for a TB-Free California (https://ctca.org/coalition-for-a-tb-free-ca/).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Impact\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Since launching on World TB Day 2024, Together Against TB has grown from a vision into a vital support system for our neighbors facing tuberculosis treatment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 By the Numbers:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 50+ individuals 
\f1\b0 and their families supported through the TB Dignity Fund\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $XXXX+
\f1\b0  in direct aid provided through care packages\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $3,000+
\f1\b0  raised for emergency housing and crisis support\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strengthened connections
\f1\b0  between patients and clinic staff\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
With each package, with each connection, progress is being made\'97both in individual journeys through treatment and in our collective effort to End TB. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Donate\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Your donation directly supports Bay Area neighbors facing TB treatment.
\f1\b0 \
When you donate to Together Against TB, you become part of the community standing with people through their treatment journey. Your support sends a powerful message: you are never alone. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Your donation is tax\outl0\strokewidth0 -\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 deductible. Contact us at togetheragainsttb @ gmail.com to request a donation receipt. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Ways to Give:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One-time donation:
\f1\b0  Make an immediate impact\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Monthly giving:
\f1\b0  Provide sustained support that helps us plan and respond to ongoing needs\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Corporate partnerships:
\f1\b0  Contact us about matching gifts or corporate sponsorship\
}